>> Welcome back to digital
forensic concepts.
In this course, we're talking
about Keyword incorrect searching.
In this module, Module four,
we're going to talk about Keyword
searching with the open
source tool Autopsy.
Autopsy has built in
keywords capabilities.
You can search for an exact match.
You can search for a substring match and
you can search using regular expression.
Like we talked about in our last module.
Autopsy has built in and
user created keyword lists.
You can use the built in keyword lists or
you can create your own keyword list.
It also has built in regular expressions
for phone numbers, IP addresses,
email addresses, URL's and
credit card numbers.
We're going to do a demo with autopsy,
and we're going to do some keywords and
grew up searches.
The version of autopsy
we're using is 4.170 and
we're going to use the Ivan the mdk image.
Let's start our walk through.
>> Hello and welcome to our keyword
searching with autopsy demo.
As you can see.
We've opened up autopsy And
our version is 4.17.0 which is
the most recent version of autopsy.
We can see up here in
the right hand corner.
We have a selection called keyword lists.
And if we click on that, we can see
we have built in keyword lists and
they are regular expressions for
phone numbers,
IP addresses, email addresses URL's and
credit card numbers.
Now you can search for
as many of these as you like at one time.
You can also go to manage lists and
you can create a new list.
You would have to name it.
And we're going to name our list hacking,
and we're going to say Ok.
And now we can create our new keywords And
we'll just put some keywords in here.
Hacking, hackers, Russian grid and
we could keep going on.
There are also some drugs in this case.
So we could use the word drugs, narcotics.
And you have the choice of doing
an exact match, a sub string match,
which would be part of a word.
Or we can use the regular expression, but
we didn't choose regular expressions.
But we could have, we say Ok.
And it creates our list hacking.
So now when we reopen keyword lists, we
see our hacking keyword list here, and we
can choose that and we can choose search
and it will search for those keywords.
We can also do a keyword search,
for just a single word.
And in this case I'm going
to use the word hacking, and
I'm going to go with an exact match.
And I'm going to click search, and
we can see we get a lot of hits right away
in the web cache artifacts and
we can see we get a lot of hits.
We have 350 hits right off the bat.
Now I'm going to go back to my keyword
lists and we choose my hacking list, and
I'm going to click search, and this is
going to take a little bit longer because
it's searching more than one key word,
when it comes back pretty fast.
And now we can see our hits and
when we click on one of our files,
we can see the hit highlighted.
We can see the file that comes from, and
it gives us information about the file
like the creative date and
some other information down below.
And we have a full path to the file,
and this is in web cache.
We also have web history and
it tells us the URL, the title,
this was a download tells us the program
that it was downloaded with,
and the domain it came from.
Okay, now we're going to
do some grip searches.
So we're going to use our
keyword search list, and
we're going to do some phone number
searches and some email address searches.
And we're going to go ahead and
search and see what we get for hits.
And we have 114 results.
And let's take a look.
This is email and we can see we've
got a Vladimir Oler email address,
and we have the Ivan zero
democracy email address.
You notice that Vladimir has a .RU.
That usually means it's
coming from Russia.
And we also found another email
address agendas6120 @gmail.com.
So you can go through here and
find some email addresses.
You can look at account artifacts and
we have some reg ripper results.
We have a new email address,
djohndeb2005@gmail.com.
And we have our path,
we don't seem to have any phone
numbers in this particular image.
And we can go ahead and
we could do a search for I.
P addresses and you can see these hits
because of the way the IP address.
This is not an IP address.
But because of the way that
regular expression is written,
it is hitting on this.
Because remember it was one or three and
a dot one or three on the 30.1 or
three on the 30.1 or
three on the dot, and this is 111.
So you are going to get
some false hits and
you will get that with
keyword searching tool,
you'll get hits on Keywords that
may not be related to your case.
So we can uncheck that one and
we can look at URL's and search, and
I'm sure we will get quite a bit back on
URL's and start the search completes.
And we've got something in web
bookmarks and this gives us the URL,
the title,
the date the bookmark was created,
the application that created it which
is Internet Explorer and the domain.
Again we have web history
which we've seen before.
We have the URL.
The access state,
the reference URL and the domain.
And we have cookies, Web cookies and
we'll talk more about what
cookies are in another course.
But we do have the WWW Wired.com.
We have the date and time.
We have a name.
We have the process program
name which is Firefox.
So we've seen Firefox, Chrome and
Internet Explorer running.
So this gives us an idea of what
browses are installed also.
And we have a date that
this cookie was created.
So this website was visited on
the state when the cookie was created.
And we have the domain name.
So you can get quite a bit of
information out of these hits.
We found email addresses,
we've seen websites visited.
It's also web form history artifact, and
we can see the domain,
the date created and the date access.
You can see a web search artifact.
And the text was Russian hack
is what he was searching for.
And that was with the Firefox browser and
that is the date and time of the search,
is also a hit in recent docks and
we have the path and the date and time.
We have web cache and in our web cache
we have the date that was created.
We have the data expires and
we have our URL.
And that's we're actually
getting a hit on is the URL.
We do have 1002.
I'm sorry.
We have 12,039 hits.
So this would be a lot
to go through manually.
You might want to narrow your
search criteria little bit.
We also have a hit in our red ripper
report, and we have that email address,
and it's hitting in the SAM
file under a user Dennis.
So just from doing these keyword searches
we were able to get email addresses.
We were able to see domains that
the user visited with dates and times.
We're able to see bookmarks,
what he had on his bookmarks bar,
which might be interesting to us.
And with the web cookie,
the date on the cookie shows
that a website,
this happens to be google.com.
But it does show us the date it
was visited, the date and time.
We've also found out that there
were three different browsers used.
And this is just from doing
a URL regular expression search.
If we search our hacking keyword list,
and I am going to go ahead and
go to the top of this list, and
I'm going to sort on names for a minute,
when I'm trying to find downloads but
I'm not seeing some right here.
But we do have recent documents and he
have a drugs hit on our drugs keyword and
this is in the sea users Ivan
downloads drug dealing 101 We
can see it's a recent document but
it is coming from downloads.
These are coming from downloads, and this
is the hit on grid, grid cyber attack.
And we can see the date and
time, is a hit on our hacking,
hacking the US tried it, pdf and
that would be in Ivan's google drive.
So we now know there's a google drive and
play, and we have a date and
time when it was accessed
on the google drive.
This is the basics of hacking and
penetration pdf.
And again it's in downloads,, and
we have date and time it was accessed, and
we still will have our
Mac times are modified.
Change time is referring to a change
made to the master file table.
Access time and created time and
they are all pretty much the same and
our web auto fill artifacts.
We have a search history for
images of drugs,
drug images and we have a date and
time when that was done.
So keyword searches do give
us a lot of information and
they're going to add a lot
of relevance to our cases.
There's a lot of things you're going to
find in a keyword search that you might
not find had you just manually
look through the different
artifacts in the file system.
And we will cover this in another path,
all the artifacts in the file system.
In our next course, we're going to
cover report writing and peer review.
End of demonstration.